enhancement
feature:add data
feature:aggregations
feature:alerting
feature:anomaly detection
feature:beats-cm
feature:ccr
feature:ci
feature:config export
feature:configuration
feature:console
feature:coordinatione map
feature:courier
feature:cross cluster search
feature:csp
feature:dashboard
feature:data frames
feature:data table
feature:dev tools
feature:discover
feature:ecs
featureelasticcharts
feature:elasticsearch
featureembedding
feature:eui
feature:expressionlanguage
feature:fieldformatters
feature:file data viz
feature:file upload
feature:filters
feature:gauge vis
feature:graph
feature:heatmap
feature:highlight
feature:home
feature:ilm
feature:index management
feature:index patterns
feature:infra ui
feature:input control
feature:inspector
feature:integrations-manager
feature:kibana management
feature:kql
feature:lens
feature:license
feature:logs ui
feature:logstash pipelines
feature:markdown
feature:metricvis
feature:ml-result
feature:new editor
feature:new feature
feature:new platform
feature:new vis
feature:np migration
feature:pie chart
feature:plugins
feature:profiler
feature:query bar
feature:region map
feature:reporting
feature:rest
feature:rollups
feature:saved objects
feature:scripted fileds
feature:search profiler
feature:security/authentication
feature:security/authorization
feature:security/feature controls
feature:security/spaces
feature:sharingurls
feature:snapshot and restore
feature:tagcloud
feature:task manager
feature:telemetry
feature:timelion
feature:timepicker
feature:tsvb
feature:upgrade assistant
feature:uptime
feature:user and roles
feature:vega
feature:vis editor
feature:vis loader
feature:vislib
feature:visualizations
feature:watcher
feature:xpack_main
feature:xyaxis
performance
release_note:enhancement
team:security
usability